Documentation for allocation features (#8127)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* Wires can now be dynamically allocated and deallocated in quantum functions with 
  :func:`~.allocate` and :func:`~.deallocate`. These features unlock many important applications 
  that rely on smart and efficient handling of wires, such as decompositions of gates that require 
  temporary auxiliary wires and logical patterns in subroutines that benefit from having dynamic 
  memory management.
  [(#7718)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7718)

  The :func:`~.allocate` function can accept three arguments that dictate how dynamically allocated 
  wires are handled:

  * `num_wires`: the number of wires to dynamically allocate. 

>   * `state = "zero"/"arb"`: the initial state that the dynamically allocated wires are requested to 
>     be in. Currently, supported values are `"zero"` (initialize in the all-zero state) or `"arb"` 
>     (an arbitrary state).

Author: ```suggestion
  * `state = "zero"/"any"`: the initial state that the dynamically allocated wires are requested to 
    be in. Currently, supported values are `"zero"` (initialize in the all-zero state) or `"any"` 
    (any arbitrary state).
```
